[children screaming, laughing]
[uplifting music]
[fireworks exploding]
[bright music]
[ringing sound]
[upbeat music plays]
[newscaster] With tensions
rising over the protracted
suspension of the
National Assembly..
Assembly will adjourn again?
It’ll be decided
after tomorrow’s
ruling-opposition summit.
[news on TV continues]
What a pathetic bunch..
Have they no shame in wasting
tax payers’ money?
The proposed presidential pardon
is stirring things up.
How come it’s in papers before
anything’s even been decided?
[sighs]
[Jeong-ho] Fantastic!
PRESIDENTIAL PARDON
FORGIVENESS OR STRATEGY?
[news playing on TV]
Your breakfast is getting cold.
PRESIDENT ATTENDS WORLD CUP
LOTTERY EVENTS
[Jeong-ho on TV] “If I win,
I’ll make all the donations”.
[Jeong-ho] I don’t have long
left in my tenure.
Do I have to attend
all these events?
Would you look at that?
A President marking
lottery numbers..
Pathetic!
[staff]
I’ll make a note of that, sir.
[newscaster] President Kim
wished success in
hosting the World Cup
and for happiness
of fellow Koreans..
This is good.
I made it spicier than usual.
I thought you had a quite
a few drinks at
dinner last night.
Russians love a drink,
don’t they?
Maybe this is why they
tried to change the law.
To enjoy the tasty
foods for longer.
Dictators must have
had the best chefs. [laughs]
[ceremonial music plays]
GOOD MORNING PRESIDENT
All these for tomorrow’s summit?
It’s a summit meeting.
Do they expect me
to do their job
for the entire year?
Cha is not an easy man.
It won’t hurt to be prepared.
What’s on tonight’s agenda?
The presidential pardon, sir.
We advise you to reconsider.
[Jeung-ho sighs]
[man]
I don’t think it’s an issue of
personal forgiveness.
The nation and
our recent history
isn’t ready to forgive them.
Moreover, there is
the outstanding issue
of an unaccounted-for
slush fund.
[man] The public sentiment
remains strong.
You might take the fall
for your generosity.
What are your
thoughts, Minister?
Do you think I’m going
over the line, too?
[Kyung-ja] I was the chief
justice for the case.
They were tried as
former Presidents
and there was huge pressure.
But, be it death penalty or
life imprisonment.
Sentencing them
was only possible
because the public approved.
I believe you should
approach this issue
from that perspective.
I’m the President
of this country.
A special pardon
is the President’s right
under the Constitution.
Am I mistaken?
[exhales]
No, it’s not unlawful, sir.
[sighs]
[both grunt]
What’s all that?
I have a big presentation
at the seminar.
Couldn’t you have gotten a cab?
Why spend money on a cab?
This car was given
to me for official duty
not for picking up husbands.
All right, all right..
[woman on TV] Take the
presidential pardon
for instance..
Would it have been
possible earlier in his tenure?
[man] We’re dancing
around the same topic.
Let’s not distort
his good intentions.
-Turn up the volume, please?
-Yes, ma’am.
[man] The current President
was persecuted
by the military government.
In other words,
he was the biggest victim.
Why would he want to do this?
To fulfill one of
this government’s
greatest objectives
- to unite the nation.
What about the slush fund?
[moderator] Please approach
the subject more logically.
Please let me speak..
We deeply regret that, too.
It’s up to the judiciary bodies
to investigate the matter fully.
But, how do you expect
the justice department
to do a proper job.
When the government is clearly
lacking the will.
Are you accusing us
of undermining
the principles of
division of powers?
In this day and age?
[woman on TV]
What’s the point of convicting
and sentencing
them to life in prison
when they are
let off right away?
What’s the point of giving them
the death penalty,
only to free them
after a year and a half?
[man] It was 2 years.
[woman] Get your facts right.
It was 20 months to be precise!
[cameras clicking]
How are you?
It’s been a long time.
How have you been, sir?
You look more handsome
than ever.
They’re referring to you
as the JFK of Korea.
That must be
an exaggeration, surely.
[both laugh]
[cameras clicking continue]
They’re all yours.
[staffs] Yes, sir.
Shall we get a beer?
Excuse me?
Isn’t it a bit early?
Don’t be shy, young man.
That’s too far!
Come and sit over here.
Let’s pass this one.
But, that’s the most important
bill.
All bills are important.
Instead,
I’ll let you have this one..
the revised Civil Service Law.
We can’t be sloppy with these.
It’s urgent, son.
We gotta make decisions fast
so that people can
get on with their lives.
Will you stop calling me “son”?
You know how many times
I changed your dirty diapers?
All right, all right.
Let’s move on.
[Jeong-ho laughs]
You have always
been so illogical.
[chuckling]
[door closes]
[Jeong-ho groans]
E-yeon is coming back
from school this year.
[Ji-wook] Yeah?
So, what?
Just letting you know.
She’s well over thirty
and still studying?
[Jeong-ho grunts]
Doesn’t she have plans
to get married?
That’s what I’m talking about.
[grunts]
You dated her back in college,
didn’t you?
[sighs]
Says who?!
Are you trying to scare me
with a stare?
[shouts] Guard!
Did she say that?
That I dated her?
Your father did!
That you were chasing after her.
[yelling]
That’s just ridiculous!
Study was my only focus.
I can get the NIS
to look into it.
Don’t lie to me.
[chuckles] I can’t believe this.
You would use
the agency’s service
for personal reasons?
Do you know what
year we’re living in?
That would call for impeachment.
Hey. This one..
the Capital Administration Bill.
Let me have it.
[yelling] What do you mean
let you have it?!
I shouldn’t have come by myself.
[groans]
The meeting..
[cameras clicking]
It went very well.
Although we didn’t manage to
go over all outstanding bills.
[exhales]
But, we had umm..
better results than
initially anticipated.
[grunts] I’m a little exhausted
from the marathon meeting.
[man on TV] Forgive me for
telling you this in a letter.
Honey, come and watch this
Mimi dies tonight.
They still don’t know that
they have the same father?
They know now.
[man on TV continues]
found out why my family
disapproved of us so ardently.
[host on TV] Hello everyone!
I’m your host of
tonight’s draw, Lucky Bae!
We’re coming to you live
with the first draw
of the World Cup Lottery..
Has the battery run out?
We’ll start the
draw right away.
[grunts]
Spin the balls!
The numbers have
to be in the order
they appear on your screen.
Ladies and gentlemen,
the first lucky number is..
[grunts]
[ringing]
“6”!
[man on TV]
Why your eyes look like mine,
why your fingers look like mine,
I’ll tell you now.
[host] The third number is..
It’s “0”!
The fourth lucky number is..
“2”!
With two numbers remaining..
The fifth lucky number is..
[suspense music plays]
It’s number.. “1”!
-And, the last number that will
-[gasps]
determine tonight’s
lucky winner..
[man] My mother who passed away
when I was young,
is your mother.
[host] Who will be the lucky
winner of 24.4 billion Won?
Nine! Is it nine?
Nine!!
[suspense music continues]
[man] Mimi, you’re my sister!
[sniffles]
[man] Mimi we're..
[host] It’s number “9”!
[screams]
[woman] Breaking News:
President rushed to hospital.
According to an eyewitness,
an ambulance
entered the Blue House
around 9 o’clock this evening
and rushed directly
to SNU Hospital.
[man] President Kim
is reported to have
no particular health conditions
other than slightly
high blood pressure
and angina.
It is suspected that stress from
the marathon meeting earlier
may have been the cause.
How did it happen?
He was watching a soap opera
before he collapsed.
A soap opera?
Why would the President collapse
over Mimi finding her father?
[chief staff] The President
is taking a rest
after suffering from dizziness.
The 4 leaders of the opposition
and ruling party
are convening
an emergency meeting.
Also, the Blue House
will proceed
with firm countermeasures
against any press or individuals
who circulate malignant rumors..
The Army will be fully prepared
for any potential enemy attacks..
[doctor] It’s very fortunate
that he didn’t suffer
a concussion.
[door opens]
[footsteps approaching]
[somber music plays]
[heart rate monitor beeping]
[door opens]
[door closes]
[Jeong-ho's wife] Mr. Cha..
It’s dawn
[staffs chatter]
..this drama series
is so addictive.
We have a car ready for you
in the basement car park.
It’s crowded with
reporters outside.
Thank you.
[man, staff] This way, ma’am.
[suspenseful music]
[romantic music plays]
[music continues]
[E-yeon] Dad!
Can you hear me, honey?
Honey!
Can you hear me, sir?
[suspense music]
[screams] Wallet!!
He wants his wallet!!! [echoing]
[woman] The President regained
consciousness
at 8:30 this morning
and asked for his wallet
as the first thing.
[man] The President opened
the wallet with trembling hands
and looked at
the old photograph of
himself and the First Lady
in tears,
according to an aide
present at the scene.
President Kim is
a true family man
who thought of his family first,
in the face of imminent death.
We’re lucky to have him
as our President.
[exhales]
I want to be alone.
[staffs sigh]
[staffs] Yes, sir.
[football commentator]
And, goal!!!!!
Korea wins the match!
Ladies and gentlemen,
tonight’s match,
truly an unscripted drama,
ends with a spectacular
last-minute goal from Ahn!
[phone ringing]
Hello?
It’s you! Yeah, I’m all right.
They told me you stayed up
by my bedside.
What’s with the fuss?
[Jeong-ho] You mustn’t stay out
all night being a single dad.
It’s not like I didn’t
have a place to crash.
I was worried about you.
You owe me a drink.
How come?
I collapsed at a perfect time
for you.
[Jeong-ho]
Because of what happened,
the public will want
a young and healthy President.
Give it your best shot
in the upcoming election.
You may not have wisdom
but you have a good health.
[laughing]
[Jeong-ho] House, 3 billion.
Wife.. 2
and for daughter.. 1?
Travel.. 0.5.
No.. 1 is more like it.
I think it’s best for you
to take a few more days off.
This might be too much
of a strain right now.
There’s no need
to clear the schedule.
I’m good.
No need to worry. [laughs]
How much is this car?
It’s a made-to-order model
equipped with tons
of high-tech devices.
About 1 billion Won?
[staff] Rather pricey.
Will they give it to me
when I step down?
[staff laughs]
It’s for the use of
the President only.
But, you’ll be provided
with another vehicle.
They’re being cheap.
In that case, I’ll just
buy one for myself.
[Jeong-ho] Car.. 1 billion.
[chuckles]
UNCLAIMED WORLD CUP
LOTTO JACKPOT
24.4 BILLION TO REVERT BACK
TO STATE COFFERS
IF UNCLAIMED WITHIN 6 MONTHS.
When is 6 months from now?
6 months from now is..
[staff] February.
Precisely, it’s two days
before the Inauguration
..MUST BE CLAIMED AT THE
DESIGNATED BANK WITHIN 6 MONTHS..
[Jeong-ho] If I won the lottery,
I would make donations
in fact, I’ll spend it all
on my fellow Koreans. [laughs]
[grunting]
[police cars sirene]
[staff] I’m so sorry!
We should have made him
change his schedule.
[Jeung-ho's wife]
Why can’t you take it easy
like other retiring Presidents?
You’ll end up
in the national cemetery
before the Inauguration.
[upbeat song plays]
HE’S NOT EATING AS USUAL..
TAKE MORE CARE!
THAT’S WEIRD..
I PUT EXTRA CARE.
[man]
For the purpose of improving
the national brand of Korea,
it’ll be imperative to allocate
the extra budget funds
and resources
required for updating
the system.
And, of course..
LOOK AT HIM.
HE SEEMS TO BE OUT OF IT.
YESTERDAY, I CAUGHT HIM
CHUCKLING TO HIMSELF.
MAYBE.. SOMETHING HAPPENED..
WHEN HE COLLAPSED.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN BY THAT?
YOU KNOW.. THE THING THAT
HAPPENS TO OLD PEOPLE..
THAT MAKES YOU LOSE YOUR MIND.
[man continues] By providing
training programs and
educational literature
for the tourism sector,
and attracting fluent speakers
of foreign languages..
Daddy!
[screams]
[Jeong-ho] What’s the matter?
[grunts]
[sighs]
[triumphant music plays]
DESIGNATED BRANCH
FOR JACKPOT COLLECTION.
[triumphant music continues
and fades]
[beatbox music plays]
[queue machine rings]
The lottery..
Please take a number slip, sir.
Well, actually..
I’m here for the lottery..
In any case, take a number slip
and wait for your turn, sir.
[man]
Don’t jump the line, old man!
But, I’m here for the lottery..
If you want to buy
a lotto ticket,
go to a corner shop.
In the bank, you
should take a slip..
Well, I need help
with the vault.
If you want to rob the vault
you should come at night.
If you want to do it
during office hours
get yourself a number slip!
Is that so hard, old man?
[yelling] How dare you
talk to me like that?
I won the lottery and.
I’m here to collect my money!
What do you take me for, brat!
Don’t you know who I am?
Don’t you yell at me!
Hey, old man! Suppose..
[yelling] Even if you were
the President of this country.
You still gotta
take a number slip
and wait for your turn!
Wait to be called for service..
Sweet mother of Jesus!!
Mr. President!
[yelling] Mr. President has
won the lottery!
Manager, bring out his money!
[manager] Yes, sir!
Security, escort him, now!
Everyone, Mr. President
has won the lottery!
[panting]
No, no..
I can’t go there myself.
[sighs]
Everybody knows who she is.
[screams]
[sighing]
Should I send
the Chief of Staff?
[man speaking]
No, he’ll do a runner,
the moment he
collects the money.
[suspense music plays]
[exhales]
[footsteps approaching]
[man mumbling]
What are you stressing about?
It’s not a crime for a President
to win the lottery!
You’re a citizen
the same as anyone else.
I am, right?
You said you’d donate it all
to a good cause.
You gave your word.
It’s always the mouth!
You can always take it back.
It’s natural for a politician
to change his mind.
You have a point.
Everything you stood for
and the integrity
of your government
will go down the drain.
Give up the money.
But, it’s 24 billion Won.
[gasps]
20-what?
Why didn’t you tell me earlier?
What’s there to think about?
Just eat dirt
and take the money!
24 billion? Man..
I had no idea!
Staying up late?
I’ll sleep on the plane
tomorrow.
You have to go back so soon?
I’ll be back for good,
next year.
Is there anything you need?
Are you short of money?
[sighs]
The collapse must have
hurt you somehow.
[chuckles]
Is it funny
that I talk about money?
Can I take this?
It’s my favorite picture.
It was the hard times.
I was constantly on the run
or imprisoned for
political reasons.
I was never able
to pay your tuition.
You were always an easy target.
Ji-wook’s father
never got caught
even if he was
with you all the time.
That’s because he backed out
at all the critical moments.
[laughs]
On the day I arrived.
I saw Ji-wook at the hospital.
He hasn’t changed a bit.
He is just as stubborn
as his old man.
Do you want to see him?
Pardon?
No, why would I?
I’ll get some sleep.
[sighs]
[kitchen staffs] You boys are
dead ‘cuz this round is mine!
[kitchen staffs gasp]
Don’t mind me and go ahead.
Chef Jang, do we have some soju?
I’m not sure if it’s okay
to drink, sir.
You only just got
out of the hospital.
Have a drink.
No, sir..
Thank you.
[grunts]
Who was winning?
No one..
We were just playing
to kill time
but I was about to win big
when you came in.
It was a double round.
I don’t know the rules.
Of course!
Looking back at life,
I’ve never had fun.
Why would you
think that? [laughs]
Suppose, one day,
a ton of money fell out of sky.
Pardon?
Say, while you’re going your way
about 20 billion Won fell on you
from out of nowhere
and no one knows about it
because it was a quiet alley.
What would you do?
Hmm..
If that much money fell on me
I would die.
What?
If that sort of money
fell on me from the sky
it would break my neck
the moment it hit.
It would kill most
people on the spot.
Even if you survived..
there’s no one
around to help you.
So, you’d probably die
after a few painful minutes.
[chuckles]
You’re right.
That’s what would happen.
If money fell on
you from the sky.
You’d die without
getting any help.
Because there is no one around.
That’s the right answer.
“You die”. [laughs]
[Jeong-ho] Therefore,
it is our duty and privilege
to keep with the proud
and noble beliefs of
the patriotic martyrs.
I sincerely ask you to
understand and approve
the decision that I
and this government have made
regarding the Independences Day
special pardons
of the two former Presidents.
[Jeung-ho on TV] We must end
the vicious circle of conflict
rooted in political and
geographical differences.
We must unite in peace and
work together for
a better tomorrow.
I believe today’s
decision will mark
the beginning of a
triumphant new chapter.
[all clapping]
That was the end of the speech
I prepared for today.
But, I have another short
announcement to make.
Remain in positions.
Not long ago, there was a launch
of a new sports lottery.
Everyone at the event
including myself,
took part by entering.
This isn’t part of a
report on operations.
But, I’ll make an
honest confession
before you all today.
I won the jackpot.
[suspense music plays]
The winning numbers.
6, 8, 0, 2, 1, 9.
It’s the date I
proposed to my wife.
[music continues]
The jackpot amount is
24,4 billion Won.
24.4 billion.
It’s the kind of money that
I would never even dream about.
I’ve decided to
donate the prize money
to a scholarship foundation
to help less fortunate
youngsters
with their studies.
I’ve never lived as a rich man.
So, I lack ideas as to how
to spend this money wisely.
If my decision,
which I believe
to be the only right one,
can help young people
build their dreams,
It’ll be my greatest joy.
And, if I may add..
If there is anyone
among my predecessors
who has money that doesn’t
rightly belong to them.
How about spending it
on a good cause?
Just my thought.
[audience clapping]
I’m sorry I didn’t
tell you earlier.
Have you lost your mind?
Huh?
I mean that money..
Good Gracious!
Couldn’t you have
kept a half, at least?
I’m at a loss for words!
-Honey, I..
-Forget it!
And, you proposed to me
in March, not February.
Was it? I’m sure
it was February.
Have you ever seen
cherry blossoms in February?
[grunts]
You’re right.
It was during the
blossom season.
So, it was March.
[Jeong-ho's wife scoffs]
Honey, should I recant and
say that I want to
keep the money?
And, be a national
laughing stock?
[Jeung-ho] I could say.
I’ll keep the money
and give up the pension.
[Jeung-ho's wife] Can you
not talk for a moment,
Mr. President?
[engines reviving]
[clapping]
[ceremonial music plays]
I do solemnly swear that
I will faithfully execute
the Office of President
of the Republic of Korea
and will to the best
of my ability,
preserve, protect and defend
the Constitution of
the Republic of Korea.
President of Republic of Korea,
Cha Ji-wook.
[suspense music plays]
[Ji-wook]
When did it start exactly?
[staff] The initial detection
was made at 21:00
by the Combined Forces Command
and we received
the report at 23:05.
[Ji-wook]
How come we are the last to know
about tensions taking
place in our waters.
Maritime command is still in the
hands of Pacific Command, sir.
[woman] Mr. President, it’s
the White House.
Any chance they’ll give us time?
Very slim, sir.
Not even a little?
[man] We’re connected, sir.
[speaking English]
Good morning Mr. President.
[speaking Korean] I’m sorry
but it’s nighttime, here.
[in English] Shit! I forgot.
[in Korean]
I just received the report.
Of course, hours later than you.
[in English] We will be
having an NSA meeting
in a few hours and of course
our conclusion will be
reacting strongly against it.
If congress approves, we
will be moving our 7th fleet.
[in Korean] Shouldn’t we think
about the cause first?
[in English] Pardon?
[in Korean] Japan has moved
their missile base
to the Northwest to
protect the trajectory.
[translator speaking]
[Ji-wook in Korean]
And in the name of training,
they have focused
their Maritime Force
on North Korea and
in our territorial waters.
As you know,
without prior consent
from the concerning countries
a military activity of this kind
can be deemed an act
of provocation.
Japan would’ve
anticipated this reaction.
Don’t you think
it’s weird that Japan
is knowingly creating tension?
[woman in English]
We don't have time
to think about such
thing, Mr. President.
[suspense music plays]
[in English]
This is not a political plan
but a military conflict.
by all means, when
congress approves,
the Republic of Korea will
have to open up both air space
and its territorial waters..
According to the plan..
[suspense music continues]
[in Korean]
If the Pacific Command
enters our air and waters,
then, so will the Japanese.
Self-Defense Force, right?
[in English]
Be rational about this..
[suspense music heightens]
[in Korean]
Give us til the end of the week.
[translator speaking
in English]
[scary music plays]
OPINION POLL: 2 OUT
OF 3 DISAPPROVE OF.
PRESIDENT’S HARD-LINE
FOREIGN POLICY.
[man coughs]
TENSION COULD LEAD TO WAR?
[coughing continues]
[man] We demanded the Japanese
clear out
by an official letter.
In a worst case scenario,
you should be prepared
to get China involved.
The simplest solution would be
to convince North Korea.
If they withdraw,
we can untangle this problem.
A more urgent issue at hand
is the upcoming
general election.
You should really
pay more attention.
Approval ratings dropped again?
Water, please?
[Moon] Diplomatic tension
with Japan
is creating unrest
among the public.
And, the party is grieving about
the lack of support
on your part.
So..?
Are you asking me
to put on a show
or something for ratings?
You should take this seriously.
Things are not looking good.
We cannot afford to lose
to the Opposition.
[sighs]
What do I have to do
to get some water here?!
[hushing]
We have a meeting with
the Japanese Ambassador.
[fast music plays]
[ambassador speaking Korean]
We are.. very regretful that
the Korean government..
isn’t actively
dealing with the recent episode..
of provocation by
the North Korean military.
[sighs]
[Ji-wook]
You seem to be mistaken.
[translator speaking
in Japanese]
I have summoned you here,
Ambassador!
Not for your opinion
or a chit-chat,
but to tell you that
the current tensions
were triggered by
Japan’s military action.
Do you understand?
[speaking Korean]
But, it’s a.. legitimate..
Please speak in Japanese.
You have a translator.
Wouldn’t it be easier?
Why sweat it?
-Just speak in Japanese.
-Should I go home?
[in Japanese] I’m sorry.
[clears throat]
[speaking Japanese]
[Ji-wook] Take a seat.
[ambassador speaking Japanese]
This training was
a legitimate military activity.
We never violated
foreign territories
[translator]
and acted under approval
from the Pacific Command.
Do you take me for an idiot?!
[grunting]
Look at me, Ambassador!
The Maritime Force intruded
into our waters
3 times while relocating
to the northwest
and the standoff area
is conventionally
prohibited from
military activities.
You know that, don’t you?
This is not military training
but a military action
and it’s a natural reaction
for North Korea
which works in favor
of your government.
Because such
military tension will
raise concerns
for national security
and stirred-up public sentiment
will pave the way
for legislation of the.
New National Security Law
that the right wing government
always wanted. Isn’t that so?
[yelling] What’s the matter?
Lost for words?
[translator] I’m so sorry but
you spoke too fast..
Don’t take the Korean government
for a fool.
We may have
a humiliating history
but we don’t do
humiliating politics.
[speaking Japanese] We’d better
wrap it up for today.
[flight attendant]
Could you put the blind up?
[announcement in Chinese]
Thank you!
[suspense music plays]
[exhaling]
[traditional music plays]
It’s my second time in Seoul.
The night view was spectacular
with all the bright lights
on bridges and buildings.
I’m flattered. Thank you.
Why would you be?
It’s not like you built them.
[laughs]
North Korea must withdraw
by the end of the week.
You cannot take an emotional
approach with Japan.
Because that’s what they want.
They want to make an issue
out of the current crisis.
We’re telling them
to stay out of our waters
telling them to stop pointing
missiles at our country.
In case they’re
having wild ideas
about our people again,
we’re telling them
we’re pissed off
and that we won’t blankly stare
like the Americans
or the South Koreans.
Are you saying you’re
prepared to go war?
Who are you?
I’m the Chief of
National Intelligence.
But then, when you dropped
a missile in Japanese waters
or pressed on with plans
to launch satellites,
the surrounding countries
passed over in silence.
Because we wanted to
prevent war, at all costs.
And, you are..?
I’m the Secretary
of National Security.
Did you invite me over
to gang up on me?
What do you mean gang up on you?
Listen!
It was the same
back in ’94 and ’08
when the Americans
pushed us over.
We have never
changed our position
because we’re not Afghans
playing with popguns in caves.
Or some tiny banana
republic in Africa
or Central America that
sprouts up and disappears.
Are you scared of war,
Mr. President?
[suspense music plays]
There are three things
in the world
that I’m scared of.
First is needles.
Second is
when my little son
raises his hand with a question.
And the last is..
candlelight vigils.
A War?
We’ll go to war
if it’s necessary.
But, now is not the time.
Now, you have to trust us.
No, trust me, Cha Ji-wook.
I’ll prove to you
that a solid government
and good politicians
are stronger than
a million troops.
[woman on TV] My
beloved people of Korea..
Han Kyung-ja, the former
Minister of Law.
She’s a good card.
She could be a breath
of fresh air temporarily.
But, are we ready
for a female president?
A publicity stunt for
the election, clearly.
You think so?
Why am I going to the market?
To get a sense
of public sentiment.
[Kyung-ja on TV]
I would like to thank
my fellow candidates.
Hang on..
That woman there..
It’s Professor Kim E-yeon,
daughter of the
former President Kim.
She was scouted as
the counsel for foreign policy.
They seem to be a good match.
Do you know her?
What? Not really..
Our fathers were friends.
[staff] She could have come on
the scene earlier.
But, she kept a low profile
until her father’s term ended.
Smart.. really.
She’s also the spokesperson.
Really?
[groans]
Well, anything sounds better
when it comes out of a beauty.
But, too hasty.
[woman staff scoffs]
Shouldn’t we send
some congratulatory
flowers for Ms. Han?
I already have, sir.
Good for you.
Do you think I should
send something
for Professor Kim, too?
What do you think?
I have that arranged, too.
I'll be back later, sir.
3PM: VISIT TO MOONSAN MARKET
[breathing heavily]
Are you all right?
Is this really necessary?
It’s the easiest and surest way.
You believe what you see.
I should be making policy
for people.
Eating rice cake in the market
won’t make any changes.
Rice cake?
That’s a good idea.
Why didn’t I think of that?
Rice cake..
and, throw in some
fish balls and sausages.
It’ll make it all
the more realistic
if you actually eat something.
[Ji-wook sighs]
[cameras clicking,
crowd cheering]
This is really good!
-Hello, big fella!
-[crowd laughing]
[crowd claps and cheers]
[suspense music plays]
[crowd continue cheering]
[panting]
Mr. President! Mr. President!
Please save my father!
He needs your kidney!
Please look at me, sir!
Mr. President!!
HE NEEDS YOUR KIDNEY
[crowd panics]
[staff]
The events of this afternoon
is an example of
the misguided belief
widely spread in our society
that things can be
achieved with a loud voice.
[newscaster] Foreign press
have reported today’s incident
as an act of a
mentally deranged man.
[speaking English]
The President was safe however
and according to the
police Investigation,
the young man is 22 years old..
[woman] According to
eyewitness accounts,
the President threw
himself to the ground
before his guards
surrounded him.
If what the attacker
pulled out of
his jacket was not
a banner but a gun,
we could have lost
the most agile
President in history.
That crazy bastard!
How can he be so quick?
[cursing]
I’ll get axed for this, right?
[gasps]
-Vice Chief!
-Sir.
Congratulations, man!
Don’t say that, sir.
Regarding today’s incident,
wrap it up as swiftly
as possible.
A reprimand of some sort for
security will be unavoidable.
It’s become a bit of an issue.
It’s late.
Let’s get some rest.
I’m tired.
[Moon] Sir!
It wouldn’t hurt to consider it.
Excuse me?
The transplant, sir.
Mr. Moon!
Now the entire country knows it.
A young man begged
the President to save his father
and only the President
can save him.
What would the public think?
[Moon] I’m not telling
you to go through
with an operation.
Just the gesture.
The President
was willing to help
but due to medical
complications..
We’ll get the message across.
How’s that?
It’s a perfect idea.
[slow music plays]
[footsteps]
[Moon]
The media is not on our side.
If we pull this off, it
could turn the situation
around completely.
What the public wants to see is
the humane side
of the President.
[suspense music]
Mr. Moon.
Young-cheol!
I’ll go by myself.
Come on, Ji-wook!
I’m asking you as a friend.
Politics is a show.
That’s what we learned.
Let’s put on a show, just once.
Mr. President.
[door closes]
Your name is Kim Joo-joong?
Yes, sir.
How old are you?
[stammer]
Twenty.. Twenty two, sir.
A student?
Yes.
No, actually..
I’m on leave of absence.
Don’t be terrified.
I’m not here to punish you.
I just wanted to talk to you.
There’s been some drama
in my life recently.
This was by far the best.
[Joo-joong farts]
Was it you?
I’m sorry, sir!
It happens when I’m nervous.
Sorry.
That’s okay.
It’s a physiological reaction.
So, your father is very..
[staff breathing heavily]
[door closes]
My father passed away
when I was about your age.
Mr. Cha Myung-soo MP, right?
Not many young people
know about him.
I read his memoir..
and saw a documentary
on him, too.
There was a lot
of talk about you.
That you were a crybaby
as a child,
about the mole on the bottom,
and two vortices on your scalp.
[exhales]
You found out
about my blood type
and that I have
a rare tissue type.
Yes, I learned all that
from the book.
Well, I came here to apologize.
It’s not final but matching
blood type and DNA tissue..
doesn’t mean I qualify
as a donor.
Also, being President
of a country..
it’s not my personal decision.
But, you achieved so many things
by fighting opposition
and proved that
your belief was right.
Sit down, young man.
[Joo-joong sighs]
Mr. President, please!
He doesn’t have much time.
Please.. I beg you.
I’m really sorry.
Was there really
no alternative to me?
There is nothing
more that I can do.
[somber music plays]
Book me in.
Pardon?
For a tissue compatibility test.
[gasps]
Yes, sir!
The chance of a match
is miniscule.
The test will be it.
[phone vibrates]
Hello.
Pardon me?!
[man] At 1930, a plan of
operation was served.
By 0800 tomorrow,
a regiment from the
7th fleet will pass the East Sea
and reach the standoff point
located at 220km
off the Northeast Sea.
Japan’s Maritime
Self-Defense Force
is included in the regiment?
That’s right.
This is the standoff point.
It’s in international waters
120 km from our
territorial waters.
North Korea dispatched
1 Najin-class commodore,
3 Yugo-class frigates,
and a maritime sniper brigade.
Japan’s Maritime
Self-Defense Force
has mobilized the 3rd
Maizuru convoy
and have the 4th and
8th covoy on standby.
Why is Korea so
small on the map?
Pardon me?
I mean on that map..
Isn’t it actually
bigger than that?
I’ll correct that, sir.
[sighs]
If we don’t open up our waters,
what happens next?
The White House will call
and play the wartime
command card.
I’ll tell them the current
situation isn’t critical.
And, then?
Following more discussions..
You’ll buy some time.
Three days left, right?
If we prove to the North Koreans
that they can trust us,
We must carefully weigh
the gains and losses.
The American President and
the Republicans won’t be happy
but we can prevent a war.
Also, we can stop
the legislation of
Japan’s New Self-Defense Law
and improve our relationship
with the North.
Much more to gain than to lose.
No.. Everything is okay.
What do you mean
a war will break out?
Test results are already in?
Couldn’t they wait
a few more days?
Anything I need to know?
[suspense music plays]
What?!
[indistinct chatter]
[all gasp]
FULL HOUSE
I can make some noodles
if you give me a few minutes.
That’s okay.
I felt like instant noodles.
This kimchi is amazing.
You made it yourself?
Usually, I do.
But, we ordered
ready-made this time.
-Right..
-I’m sorry.
My son woke up in
the middle of the night
and asked me a question.
He says he’s in love
with someone
but doesn’t know what to do.
Kids these days
are unbelievable.
So, what did you tell him?
So, I told him..
If you really love that person
love your daddy first,
then, she’ll love you, too.
That doesn’t make sense.
It doesn’t, does it?
-Use this.
-Thank you.
[sighs]
I don’t remember exactly
but I think I had a similar
conversation with my father.
If you really love someone..
No, that’s not what he said.
If you really want to love,
and save this country,
Look after the hungry kid
next door, first.
I read it in his memoir.
How did I reply to that?
I’m not sure
but I don’t think
it had what you said after,
in the book.
[sighs]
Look after the hungry
kid next door, first.
[Ji-wook's father] One time,
an old man came to me,
and asked me.
If, while you were
busy running around
trying to make a better country,
your neighbor’s child
dies of starvation.
Have you really
saved the country?
You’re right.
I think that’s what he said.
[Ji-wook's father] So, if you
really love your mum and dad,
you must love a friend who’s in
a less fortunate situation.
If you do, it’s same as
loving your own mum and dad
and loving this country.
[sighs]
Thank you for the ramen.
Did you have to come up with
the crazy idea,
at this crucial time?
Look at the mess you made.
The idea was to make a gesture.
I honestly didn’t
expect this result.
Do you know how
scared he is of needles?
[man] Mr. President is here.
[papers flipping]
I believe this morning’s
unscheduled statement
gave rise to concerns
and questions
for fellow Koreans
watching this program.
Early this morning,
this government made a decision
to turn down
the U.S.’s request
for military cooperation.
[on TV] The decision is
consistent with our principles
of prioritizing
national security
and maintaining
self-reliant peace in Asia.
It is also a manifestation
of our will
to solidify trust
with North Korea.
Despite the grave importance
of this matter,
time was of the essence
in reaching a decision
which will be reviewed
by the Assembly later.
Today’s decision which entails
the risk of diplomatic
friction with the U.S.
is a manifestation
of our concern over
the military expansion of Japan.
[grunts]
[murmurs]
I would like to ask
for your understanding
on another decision I made.
Two days ago, a young man
came to me to save his father.
[Ji-wook on TV] He believed
that only I could
save the life of his father
and that wasn’t
far from the truth.
I would like to announce to
my fellow Koreans
and my loyal staff,
a decision I believe
to be the best
I could reach has been made.
In a few hours,
I will undergo an operation to
transplant one of my kidneys
to the man who shares
the same rare tissue
structure as me,
who is teetering
on the verge of life and death.
During the six-hour operation
and the following
few days of recovery,
the entire cabinet
will do their best
to ensure the smooth
running of state affairs.
It is my belief
that if I can’t save
the life of one man
who needs my help,
I cannot be
the President for millions.
[sighing]
Will I need general anesthesia,
for the procedure?
How is it done?
Through oral administration?
[sighing]
It’s usually
administered by injection.
I see.. well..
[exhales]
Let’s get rolling.
[upbeat music plays]
It’s the first time, sir.
Letting you be in
a dangerous place
without my escort.
[music continues]
You’re sharing a life with me.
Please live
your half of our life
to the fullest, for me.
[music continues]
[grunting]
[music fades]
[gentle music plays]
If you love your mum and dad,..
[romantic music plays]
[young Ji-wook]
But, it’s E-yeon that I love.
What should I do?
You mean,
Jung-ho’s daughter E-yeon?
Why do you like her?
You want me to tell her for you?
[young Ji-wook] No!
-E-yeon!
-Stop it, dad!
-Ji-wook is in love with you!
-Don’t!
[romantic music continues]
How did it go?
The North Koreans
withdrew their troops
and, agreed to accept our terms
of negotiation with Japan.
No,
I mean the transplant.
Was it successful?
[chuckles]
We would like to
express our support
for the government’s
diplomatic decision..
[on TV] The government
shall need to discuss
the potential
diplomatic friction
and other related issues
on a pan-national level.
Also, we’d like to express
our utmost respect
for the President’s
noble decision
and, wish a fast recovery.
[slow music plays]
[Chef Jang] I made some
porridge with scallops.
It’s not seasoned
so, if it’s too bland..
Chef!
You know when my father told me
to look after
a hungry kid next door.
I remembered how I replied.
Sir?
I told him..there was
no next door to us.
[chef chuckles]
Enjoy your meal, sir.
[door opens]
The ratings are
soaring in our favor.
It rose by almost 10%
and, the party’s
overall rating by 5%.
[Moon] By the way,
you don’t really need
to worry about this but..
there’s a man at
the Hangang Bridge
causing a fuss
asking for a liver transplant
from you
[sighs] which is totally
absurd, of course!
But then, if you
gave away that, too.
You could probably
change the Constitution.
Besides, you’re
still young and fit.
Mr. President!
Come on, man!
[man protesting] He can do it
for one man but not for me?
[woman]
It’s the moment of truth.
“The choice of the Nation”.
At a 95% confidence level,
and a sampling error
of plus or minus 1%
we give you
the exit poll results.
EXIT POLL RESULTS
[cameras clicking]
[woman] With 58.3% of the vote,
Han Kyung-ja of United Democrats
is likely to secure a victory.
[man] Han Kyung-ja of United
Democrats won 14,350,000 votes
out of the 25,100,000 cast,
taking 57.1% of the total votes.
[woman] Women’s interest groups
welcomed the result
with excitement
and resolution for change.
[man] Presidential elect Han
promised to rein in
property speculation,
and push for tax and
educational reform
from the beginning
of her campaign.
[dance teacher]
Two three.. and.
One two three,
One two three, one two three..
one two three..
[Chang-myun] Is this really
necessary for your birthday?
[Kyung-ja] It’s useful to know
how to dance.
You’ll need it for
foreign guests.
[Chang-myun] Hey, what’s on
the schedule today?
You have a visit to an orphanage
called Home of Love
and a rally commemorating.
“Housewives’ Day”.
[sighing]
No, I mean my wife’s schedule.
And, why do I have to attend
a “Housewives’ Day” event?
[staff] Well..
Can you not refer to me
as “wife” in public?
It’s been over a year now.
Is it still so difficult?
Well, you’re not my husband.
[waltz music plays]
Let’s talk about that later.
Shall we wrap up for today?
Yes, ma’am.
[door closes]
[man] It would be safe to assume
that the eco-system issue
is cleared for “Area A”.
[women singing] I’d rather
be the scent of a flower
than the flower itself.
[Chang-myun join singing]
A scent called a housewife.
[all] A scent that makes
a flower more beautiful
[singing continues]
[phone rings]
[continue ringing]
Is that you, dog-face?
Yeah, I can talk now..
Really?
Was it tomorrow?
Hang on.. let me check
my schedule.
I have something
but I’ll definitely come by.
Is “Jellyfish” and “Optimus
Prime” coming, too?
Great! I’ll be there.
We’ve got to see each other
when we still can.
It’s not what you think..
It’s bad karma.
Still 4 more years left
unless she gets impeached
or something.
[staff exhales]
Good job..
We are covered for everything?
Well, the Assembly..
The Opposition’s
resistance is stronger
than anticipated.
Tax hikes are always
a sensitive issue.
There is even a talk
of red-baiting.
[scolding]
Raising taxes
automatically makes us
a left wing government?
[staff] Sorry, ma’am.
This is the single
most important
policy of this government.
If we fail to enact this bill,
Korea will fall behind
for another 10 years.
We’ve got to be firm.
We have two more days.
Let’s give it our best shot.
Yes, ma’am.
[exhales]
Aren’t you coming to bed?
It’s late.
It’s a statement I’m
issuing tomorrow.
I’ve got to familiarize
myself with it.
What’s this?
It’s nothing.
Get some sleep.
Okay..
My old buddies are
getting together tomorrow.
Do you mind if I go?
Please! We talked
about this before.
You’re not a private
person any more.
Can’t you refrain from
attending personal schedules?
I wouldn’t have asked
if it wasn’t important.
How do they know
your number anyway?
How would they?
I called them to say hello.
All right.. Good night!
[men] Cheers!
[indistinct chatter]
[Chang-myun]
A hundred pigs and ten cows.
I can still do it!
[friend] Watch me do it!
Let’s go to your place
for more drinks!
Tell your wife to
prepare some food.
How dare you ask the President
to prepare your drinks?
You’ll get lock up.
No problem! I’ll call my wife.
Let’s all go to my place
for more drinks!
[yelling] Madam President!
[Chang-myun]
Tell my wife to come out.
Don’t embarrass me
in front of my buddies.
[friend] Are these your guards?
That’s Security One.
That’s Two.. I don’t see Three..
[Chang-myun] Hey, Three!
-Get Three to come out.
-[security] Yes, sir.
[friend] Are you armed with
guns and grenades?
Shoot me!
I’m Optimus Prime.
My limbs are made of steel.
Go ahead, shoot me!
[Chang-myun] Stay away.
Call the Residence.
Tell her that Blue House is
under attack from Optimus Prime.
[friend] These are
your guards, right?
[friend 2] Shoot me if you dare!
Where did he drink?
Near Jongro, ma’am.
Why didn’t you escort him back
before he got so drunk?
[drunken chatter]
[security] Chang-myun!
Look at me!
[security] He’s taking a leak!
[Chang-myun] Let go of me, punk!
I’ll never ever drink again.
I prepared
a French-style breakfast
for Madam President
and some traditional fish soup
for you, Professor.
It’ll help you ease
the hangover.
A phone was ringing
in your pocket,
this morning.
It was an unauthorized
cell phone.
[cutleries cling]
I took the call..
It asked me if I needed
an urgent loan.
Should the President of Korea
be receiving calls like that?
They just call random numbers.
“No interest
for the first month,” right?
I got similar calls a few times.
What an annoying bunch!
[yelling]
That’s not the point of this!
You lied to me!
Are you a spy?
No one else carries private
cell phones in the Blue House.
I’m sorry.
But, I have a personal life
outside of my duty.
I normally have it switched off
and only use it
in special cases..
I got rid of it.
What?
I got rid of the phone.
[grunts]
Good for you..
I still have 6 months
on the contract
but, never mind.
[gentle song plays]
[admiring]
[exhales]
[laughs]
-[child] Hello!
-Look, who’s here!
How are you?
Good. He’s grown so big.
[all laugh]
Have you been busy?
Not so much.
[chuckles]
You drove here by yourself?
I haven’t done it in years..
It was great.
[chuckles]
[gentle music plays]
Why didn’t you
take the residence
that government provided?
I’m grateful for the pension.
Why waste money on
building a new house?
You’re so stubborn.
How’s the preparation
for the policy institute going?
I decided to put
it on hold for now.
It’s only been a year
since the handover.
It could be a little too soon.
I’m thinking of continuing
with my studies.
It’s good to hear that.
I was worried you
might open a gym.
How’s life as a single dad?
[Jeong-ho laughs]
[motorboat approaching]
[gentle music fading]
Isn’t this..?
[Jeong-ho's wife]
Chef Jang has them sent over
every now and then.
In the name of
providing good education,
parents go through
tough competitions..
What’s with her hair?
Why do women in politics
have that same bouffant hairdo?
A bright red suit?
Like a firefighter.
[Kyung-ja continue speaking]
Her skin looks great.
Well, she gets the best facials.
They have beauticians
in the Residence?
Yeah.. I got one every other day.
How come I never got one?
Maybe it was new from my term.
Well, I got them.
[Jeong-ho] What?!
That wretched Chief of Staff..
Can we watch some TV?
You don’t care now
that your terms are over?
Shame on you.
[Kyung-ja on TV] The Special
Administrative City Law
that this government
wants to enact
entails moving the capital into..
[suspense music plays]
Is he sure?
He doesn’t talk rubbish.
[door closes]
[exhales]
If this is true, she’s headed
directly for impeachment.
[exhales]
Have they lost their minds?
You know I’m the best hit man
in the Opposition.
Let’s strike
while the iron is hot.
We can get this in tomorrow’s
morning editions.
Isn’t it her birthday, tomorrow?
This will be the
biggest surprise. [laughs]
[door opens]
-Good morning, sir!
-[kitchen staff] Morning!
Is Chef Jang here?
[Chef Jang] Over here, sir.
-Chef!
-[chef] Yes, sir.
[kitchen staffs]
Good morning, sir!
-Are we all set?
-Yes, sir.
[president staff] We'll look
into it right away, ma'm.
Here she comes!
[Chang-myun] Everyone
in their positions!
As practiced..
And, one..
[kitchen staffs singing]
Happy birthday to you..
Happy birthday Madam President..
[yelling]
Have you lost your mind?!!
[sighing]
HAN GATE: THE SPECIAL
ADMIN CITY LAW,
A PRESENT FOR HUSBAND?
The President’s ambitious plans
for relocation of the capital,
was it all but a part of her
real estate speculation scheme?
This is the true face
of Han’s government.
[woman] It’s beyond outrageous.
[man] How can we
trust a government
under corrupt leadership.
Is it worth keeping
this government?
We must put it to the people.
[sobbing] I really didn’t know!
All I wanted was to raise pigs
and cows there when we retire.
What are they building there?!
God damn it!
[crying]
[somber music plays]
[panting, sobbing]
[crying]
[screams]
[somber music plays]
Where is she?
At the Residence, sir.
What’s going to happen now?
The Opposition
will initiate a motion
for impeachment at the Assembly..
[sighs]
Where is he?
Mr. Choi went out for some air.
Do I need to go
through with this?
You must act
as normally as possible
especially at times like this.
If you don’t, they will
bite down harder on us.
[Kyung-ja] Like in a dog fight.
It’s not all that exciting
to celebrate a birthday,
at my age.
I would like to thank all of you
who came to congratulate me
and apologize
for what you must ‘ve
heard on the news this morning.
It was a nasty
surprise for me, too.
As the President,
I feel that I am
solely responsible
for what happened.
Today, my husband was going
to dance with me on stage
but, he wasn’t
feeling very well..
[slow music plays]
Ladies and Gentlemen,
it’s my husband,
Choi Chang-myun.
-Are you okay?
-Yeah.
[slow music continues]
I’m the presidential spouse,
Choi Chang-myun.
I’m sorry I’m late.
Today is the birthday
of my dear wife
and our President.
It should have been a day
of happiness and celebration
but because of me,
it was one of the worst days
in her life.
I had a dream of retiring
to a farm with my wife.
So, I bought a small ranch
with my life savings.
I had no idea it would
turn out to be such a disaster.
I just sold off the land.
Looking back, this wasn’t
the first time.
I failed to provide
the support she needs
for carrying out her
duties as President.
I regret so much
only adding to her burdens.
And, it makes me realize
that I probably won’t change
as a person.
So, I made a small resolution
and, felt I should announce it
before I have a change of heart.
On the way here,
I thought of you in the old days
and I got choked up.
You are as beautiful now
as you have ever been.
Kyung-ja..
Let’s get divorced.
[indistinct chatter]
It’s not possible for me
to be with you
and live as a
presidential spouse.
[in English] What's going on?
What did he say?
[speaking English]
I'm American, too..
I’m so sorry.
And, happy birthday.
[somber music plays]
[whispers]
It’s an emergency! A crisis!
No, not a crisis either.
[man] For the first time in
the history of Korea,
[woman] a sitting President
may get divorced
during her presidential term.
[man] This afternoon’s
statement by Professor Choi
was his sole decision
[woman] which he hopes,
will allow the President
to devote herself to
her presidential duties.
[man] Lawyers for
Democratic Society
has volunteered to
represent Professor Choi..
[woman] The public points
finger of blame
at the Opposition..
[papers flipping]
[man] Where is this going?
It’s backfiring on us.
[yelling] Who did you hit,
the President or her husband?
Calm down.
This is an opportunity for us.
A President with
a family crisis!
She’s as vulnerable as can be.
Look at the survey results.
Public reaction is contrary.
They think we’re responsible
for the President’s divorce.
Don’t you know what
she represents to the people?
To the public, she’s
the mother-, wife-
and daughter-in-law figure.
The Mother Mary,
Korea’s Joan of Arc
and Cleopatra..
[sighing]
Maybe not the Cleopatra..
Is it not?
Did I say Cleopatra?
[grunting]
The point is..
The opposition
seems to be worried
about taking the blame.
Has she made up her mind
about a divorce?
“President sacrificing
her marriage
for the sake of her
duties”..
Not bad.
Professor Choi has been
a ticking time-bomb.
Maybe she’s better off
without him.
Have you ever been
through a divorce?
No, I’m happily married.
I went through with it twice.
When was the second time?
The first time was
not in the record.
You think a divorce
will allow you
to focus better on your job?
Who should be handling
the matter anyway?
The personnel affairs?
How come? It goes under
political affairs.
What?
Definitely not
the foreign policy.
Leave me out of this.
How can you let this happen?
You know what dad’s like!
What about me?
Are you blaming me for
what he has done?
But, you know how hard
it has been for him.
Before being one man’s wife,
I’m the President
of this country.
How can I do my job
if I have family
troubles to worry about.
If he can’t put up with it..
then, we have no choice.
-Please mother..
-He started it all.
Even if he comes back,
things won’t
change for the better.
[yelling]
Suit yourself, Madam President.
I loved him with all my heart.
However, since taking office,
I found loving someone as
a private person
a very difficult task.
Today, I’m mustering
up the courage
to make an announcement about
a decision I made.
I decided to remain by myself
as your President,
not as a wife to a..
God, this is corny!
What’s with
the humiliating tone?
Am I begging for sympathy
for a poor divorcée?
What’s with “tears” in brackets?
You want me to cry here?
[sobs]
Today, I stand before you
as your President,
not a wife to a man.. [sobs]
Like this?
I’m sorry, ma’am.
We’ve never dealt with
this kind of situation..
Should the President
present herself
at the court for divorce?
For formalities..
And other things like alimony..
[man] She is praised
as the mother figure
of the 21st century.
And now,
she’s fallen a victim of
a political snare
thanks to the Opposition.
Although he claimed
an innocent coincidence,
he did buy land awaiting
major development.
Please, let’s use some
common sense here.
The President’s husband bought
the land in his own name
so that the world will know
when he makes a huge
profit out of it?
A five-year-old
would laugh at that.
Well, he just did
that laughable thing.
Are you listening
to what I’m saying?
It’s not us that’s funny but
the way you people think.
Some claim that the
President has made up her mind
about the divorce.
Nothing has been decided.
Please be careful
with the wording.
Our society places
great value on family,
which is why the public
is so concerned.
[woman] They say “Cultivate
body, order family
then, make peace for the world”.
People are concerned
as to whether or not
she’ll be able to carry out
her duties
without the support
of a solid family
behind her.
It’s funny you should say that.
The former President Cha
was a wifeless father.
Did he ever have solid
family support behind him?
A wifeless father?!
Did you just refer
to the former President
as a “wifeless father?”
Are you trying to insult
the former head of state?
[yelling] What uneducated
absurdity?
[yelling] How dare you
talk to me like that?
How old are you?
Why are you asking me my age?
We were in the same class
in college.
How old I am is how old you are!
I failed my entrance
exams twice.
That’s fantastic!
Well done for
re-taking your exams!
You must be really proud!
Are you mocking me?
You have just insulted
the 200,000 students nationwide
that are re-taking exams.
[woman]
What did I ever say about them?
I’m talking about you!
[man]
Take your words back this moment
or I’ll see to it
that you pay for it.
[woman]
I can’t and I won’t!!
[man] Make a public apology
right this moment!
Hey, little guy!
No books or TV
or talking on the phone
while eating your dinner, okay?
[phone vibrating]
Hello? This is Cha Ji-wook.
I hope I’m not interrupting you
at a busy time.
I have a favor to ask.
[sighs] Would you be willing
to give a lecture
for my students?
I’ll check my schedule.
[man on TV] This morning,
the President invited
her two predecessors,
the former Presidents Kim
and Cha,
to a luncheon at the Blue House
and discussed
the main objectives
and pending issues
of her government.
[students cheering and clapping]
[mic checks]
Hello, it’s great to meet you!
I studied politics at
university like yourselves
and served as the President
until last year
in case, some of
you didn’t know.
[students laugh]
You parted with
your wife quite early
and served your term without
the support of a First Lady.
I think you might have hopes of
meeting someone special again.
Did you meet that special person
during your tenure?
Umm..
That’s class A confidentiality.
[students laugh]
[students] Tell us! Tell us!
Hmm..
On many occasions,
I felt lonely.
Even if I had the best advisers
and was surrounded by people
who had faith in me.
There were times I wanted
to be in love again
to have that special feeling
for someone.
But, I found that
as a President,
it’s difficult to love
one person only.
[somber music plays]
It’s a job where
it’s extremely difficult
to love, cherish and
respect one person.
So, I gave it up.
And now, I regret giving it up
so much.
I had lunch with President Han
this afternoon.
As you know,
she is going through
a tough time at the moment.
I told her what I learned
from my experience.
To be President for one person
when it comes to
a certain moment.
In order to avoid
having regrets later on.
[somber music continues]
[students clapping and cheering]
You were fantastic today.
Don’t flatter me.
It’s getting chilly.
Air’s great in this part
of the town, isn’t it?
[Ji-wook farts]
[romantic music plays]
It happens when I’m nervous.
[gulps]
[somber music plays]
[chuckles]
[somber music continues]
[chefs grunt]
I haven’t cooked in years.
Mr. Choi is a good cook.
He made food here?
Time to time, ma’am.
On your birthday,
it was Mr. Choi
who made your birthday soup.
So typical of him.
How come you’re not married?
My youngest is going
to college this year.
Excuse me!
Why did I think you
weren’t married..
Please forgive me.
That’s okay.
I get that from time to time.
[both chuckle]
How are things?
Pardon?
How are things at home?
I don’t go home much but
still, it’s great. [laughs]
[somber music plays]
A President could make
her people happy,
even if she isn’t happy herself,
couldn’t she?
The President
doesn’t necessarily
have to be happy
to make the lives
of people better, right?
I may be wrong but I believe..
just as a President wishes that
all her people are happy,
everyone wants their President
to be happy.
Not a single person would want
the President to be miserable.
You think so?
That’s what people want.
It would be nice
if the President devoted herself
to making the people happy
but people who have a miserable
President cannot be truly happy.
Koreans are good people,
A lot more so than
you might think.
They are, aren’t they?
I’m only a cook
but I know that much.
[chuckles]
Can I leave this to you?
You know I had lunch with
the two former Presidents.
They both told me
to pay a visit here,
when faced with a dilemma
that I cannot solve by myself.
Now I can see what they meant.
Thank you.
Where can she be at this hour?
She’s not at the Residence.
[staff] Sir,
I received a report that
she just left the main gate.
What are you talking about?
[staff] Sir!
The main gate!
Right! The main gate!
Don’t get in the way
you idiots!
[suspense music plays]
Why did you let
her pass by herself?
Would she go grocery shopping
at this hour, dumbass?
I’ll have you killed,
all of you!
[staff] Sorry, sir!
[suspense music continues]
What did you say
to her that made her
disappear in
the middle of the night?
We were just chatting
about happiness
and other things..
While picking anchovy guts?
What are you talking about?
God, this is annoying!
Turn on the GPS.
Have a chopper
locate the vehicle.
It’s the Blue House.
I’m the Chief of Security.
We know where she is headed.
Give them a call, too.
Put me on!
Chief Joo?
This is the Chief of Personnel.
Don’t have her
pull over in the city.
We can’t let anyone see her.
Don’t let the press find out,
no matter what!
[yelling] Escort her
out of the city, okay?
[suspense music continues]
[cars reviving]
[man] She entered the highway.
Where’s the next
bottle neck point?
An-sung Intersection, sir.
Stop the vehicle before
she enters the intersection.
And, set up a road block in E7.
WEST COAST HIGHWAY
[music continues]
I’m sorry but this is
a personal matter.
I assumed from the direction
you were heading.
It’s appropriate to use
the official escort for this.
Please let me
take the wheel, ma’am.
I don’t need an escort.
I won’t be long.
Your driver’s license
has expired.
Would you like me to
call you a cab?
[sighs]
[gate opens]
Maintain positions.
Destination is
Madam President’s in-laws’.
[upbeat music plays]
Here they are!
[cars approaching]
[exhales]
You drove here.
Why are you out of breath?
Shall we.. dance?
[sighs]
[waltz music plays]
[hushing]
Did you practice?
[chuckles]
[romantic music plays]
Did you mark “6”?
Mind your own ticket.
Let me see what you got.
Don’t look at mine.
Focus on yours.
You have a lovely temper!
“6” is a good number.
Says who?
I hope I win the jackpot
this time.
It’s not easy
I know because
I’ve done it before.
You’ll give it all away again?
I’ll keep it all for myself.
[Chef Jang] People think that
Presidents are special people.
Of course, they are not wrong
in thinking that.
But, what we often forget
is that at certain moments,
they are someone’s husband,
wife or parent.
Their joy, sadness and happiness
is not all that different
from our own.
If an old President
comes over for a drinks,
or a President who
has given up smoking
asks for a cigarette.
A VERY SPECIAL KITCHEN
In the early morning,
when he greets you with hello
we say to him with a big smile,
“Good morning, President!”
[gentle music plays]